Zero config mode (#1455)
vitessce/vitessce: sites/docs/docs/introduction.md

### Configuration

> A [JSON-based configuration](/docs/view-config-json/) termed the __view config__ defines how data is retrieved, which views are rendered, and how different views are coordinated. Vitessce requires a valid __view config__ in order to load one or more datasets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [JSON-based configuration](/docs/view-config-json/) termed the "view config" defines how data is retrieved, which views are rendered, and how different views are coordinated. Vitessce requires a valid view config in order to load one or more datasets. 
```

### Examples

> A great starting point for configuring Vitessce is to use the default __view config__, that you can generate on the [App](/#?edit=true) page of this website and tailor it for your dataset and analysis questions. 
> You can also take a look at an [example](/examples/) and tailor it for your dataset and analysis questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A great starting point for configuring Vitessce is to use the default view config that can be generated by entering one or more data file URLs on the [App](/#?edit=true) page of this website. The results can be tailored for your dataset and analysis questions. 
You can also take a look at an [example](/examples/).
```
